= Achtung!

This project is abandoned, and won't be continued. Next iteration is Translator engine, currently available at: "http://github.com/amberbit/translator". Much more translations love there.

= GoTranslateYourself

GoTranslateYouself is Rails 3 engine, that allows your clients to do the dirty work of translating applications on their own. You don't have to do it yourself, let them have a piece of fun of their own!

This project is inspired by DHH's Tolk (http://github.com/dhh/told), however it has a bit differen UI, provides way to integrate with existing admin panel layout and is using key-value stores, with translation fallbacks.

It works with both Ruby 1.9 and Ruby 1.8.x (on head)

== Installation
TODO: Write more info here.

== Usage

Create initializer in your Rails app, following this code:

    conn = Mongo::Connection.new.db("go_translate_yourself_test").collection("translations")
    GoTranslateYourself.current_store = GoTranslateYourself::MongoStore.new(conn)
    GoTranslateYourself.locales = [:pl, :de]

    I18n.backend = I18n::Backend::KeyValue.new GoTranslateYourself.current_store

    GoTranslateYourself.auth_handler = proc {
      authenticate_or_request_with_http_basic do |user_name, password|
        user_name == 'some' && password == 'user'
      end
    }

    GoTranslateYourself.layout_name = "dummy_admin"

Please note, that you can integrate auth_handler with your authentication solution (like Devise), or leave it blank for no authentication.

Visit http://localhost:3000/site_translations to see it working!

== Available stores

Currently only MongoDB is supported -- please feel free to add more stores (Riak would be nice!).

== Roadmap

* implement SQLStore for using SQL databases
* implement RiakStore for using Riak

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
